doc/md: add clickhouse (#2384)
ariga/atlas: doc/md/concepts/dev.mdx

--dev-url "sqlite://dev?mode=memory"
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="clickhouse" label="ClickHouse">

> Atlas does not support initializing a ClickHouse devDB through `docker://` at the momment, but you can use create a local devDB by
> running the following command:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Atlas does not support yet initializing a ClickHouse dev-database through `docker://`, but you can create a local container by running the following command:
```

```shell

> docker run -d --name clickhouse-dev -p 9000:9000 -d clickhouse/clickhouse-server:latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker run -d --rm --name clickhouse-dev -p 9000:9000 -d clickhouse/clickhouse-server:latest
```
